Blow me out
Receive courtesy to congratulate Mr. Liu on his 70th birthday
100 gold bars for free.
A set of Hetian Jade Guanyin Village and Qifu Villa
These hundred days of gold bars are worth seven or eight million
Hetian jade Guanyin may be worth millions
He Xiang Planning
That's Yunchang's top villa
The cheapest one costs more than 20 million.
You are the most capable of giving such a precious gift
Xiao Chen
Are these all from you?
Did you send it?
I definitely dare not take it.
bereavement authority
How can it be sent?
This is 10 times the reason than our Guizhou
It must be fake.
Xiao Chen, didn't you say you were penniless?
Don't you even have a place to live?
I don't really have a place to live.
But I have a bunch of friends
They want to give me gifts and I can't stop them
Besides, these things are not expensive.
This building
I gave him so much time to prepare
I actually sent such a pile of garbage
It seems that his position as the king of building repair should be moved
Ouch my good son-in-law
Haha, these gifts are not expensive.
Then there is nothing precious, haha.
You are so amazing
Didn't you make it clear to us before?
We all misunderstood you, you still try
You said if you had told us earlier
You have such financial resources and strength
We already married our daughter to you, haha.
Oh my good son-in-law
Mom blamed you before
You are our Qingxue
The most deserving of trust?
My mom won't stop you
Come on, come on, I'll get the certificate tomorrow.
Hahaha mom what are you doing
Xiao Chen, don't think I can forgive you like this
Qingxue is not good for uncle
There is a happy son-in-law like Xiao Chen
What happened before is written off.
Then I will decide if you want to return to the Liu family.
Where did the stinky beggar come from?
How dare you claim my gift?